topics api  new combined PR (#5585)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/overview/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/doc-post.njk'
title: 'Topics API: overview'
subhead: >

>   Learn about the Topics API; why it was developed and how to prepare. 
> description: >
>   Learn about the Topics API; why it was developed and how to prepare. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn about this privacy-preserving API to enable interest-based advertising without third-party tracking.
description: >
  Learn about this privacy-preserving API to enable interest-based advertising without third-party tracking.
```

This article doesn't really tell folks how to prepare, it just introduces them to the concept. This may be too specific of a suggestion.
